=head1 NAME

Gnome2::AppHelper

=for object Gnome2::AppHelper

=for apidoc

=head1 GnomeUIInfo

In Gnome2 GnomeUIInfo's are often used as a convenient way to create GUI's.  In
Perl, GnomeUIInfo's are always references to arrays of items.  Items can either
be references to hashs or references to arrays:

=over

=item Hash Reference

When using hash references, items are specified by giving key-value pairs.  A
typical example:

  { type => "item", label => "Quit", callback => sub { exit(0); } }

For the list of valid keys, see below.

=item Array References

When using array references, items are a list of the following keys, in this
order:

  type,
  label,
  hint,
  moreinfo,
  pixmap_type,
  pixmap_info,
  accelerator_key and
  modifiers.

The example from above would become:

  [ "item", "Item", undef, sub { exit(0); },
    undef, undef, undef, undef ]

=back

To create multi-level structures, you use the "subtree" type and the "subtree"
key, as in the following example:

  {
    type => "subtree",
    label => "Radio Items",
    subtree => [
      {
        type => "radioitems",
        moreinfo => [
          {
            type => "item",
            label => "A"
          },
          {
            type => "item",
            label => "B"
          },
          {
            type => "item",
            label => "C"
          },
          {
            type => "item",
            label => "D"
          },
          {
            type => "item",
            label => "E"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }

=cut

=for object Gnome2::AppHelper
=cut

=for object Gnome2::AppHelper
=cut

=for object Gnome2::AppHelper
=cut




=head1 METHODS

=head2 Gnome2-E<gt>B<accelerators_sync> 

=over

=back

=head2 $menu_shell-E<gt>B<fill_menu> ($uiinfo, $accel_group, $uline_accels, $pos)

=over

=over

=item * $uiinfo (Gnome2::UIInfo) 

=item * $accel_group (Gtk2::AccelGroup) 

=item * $uline_accels (boolean) 

=item * $pos (integer) 

=back

=back

=head2 $toolbar-E<gt>B<fill_toolbar> ($uiinfo, $accel_group)

=over

=over

=item * $uiinfo (Gnome2::UIInfo) 

=item * $accel_group (Gtk2::AccelGroup) 

=back

=back

=head2 list = $parent-E<gt>B<find_menu_pos> ($path)

=over

=over

=item * $path (string) 

=back


Returns the GtkWidget and the position associated with the path.


=back

=head2 $bar-E<gt>B<install_menu_hints> ($uiinfo)

=over

=over

=item * $uiinfo (Gnome2::UIInfo) 

=back

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Gnome2>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2003-2004 by the gtk2-perl team.

This software is licensed under the LGPL.  See L<Gnome2> for a full notice.


=cut

