=head1 NAME

Gnome2::FileEntry

=head1 HIERARCHY

  Glib::Object
  +----Glib::InitiallyUnowned
       +----Gtk2::Object
            +----Gtk2::Widget
                 +----Gtk2::Container
                      +----Gtk2::Box
                           +----Gtk2::VBox
                                +----Gnome2::FileEntry

=head1 INTERFACES

  Glib::Object::_Unregistered::AtkImplementorIface
  Gtk2::Buildable
  Gtk2::Editable


=head1 METHODS

=head2 widget = Gnome2::FileEntry-E<gt>B<new> ($history_id, $browse_dialog_title)

=over

=over

=item * $history_id (string) 

=item * $browse_dialog_title (string) 

=back

=back

=head2 $fentry-E<gt>B<set_default_path> ($path)

=over

=over

=item * $path (string) 

=back

=back

=head2 boolean = $fentry-E<gt>B<get_directory_entry> 

=over

=back

=head2 $fentry-E<gt>B<set_directory_entry> ($directory_entry)

=over

=over

=item * $directory_entry (boolean) 

=back

=back

=head2 $fentry-E<gt>B<set_filename> ($filename)

=over

=over

=item * $filename (string) 

=back

=back

=head2 string = $fentry-E<gt>B<get_full_path> ($file_must_exist)

=over

=over

=item * $file_must_exist (boolean) 

=back

=back

=head2 widget = $fentry-E<gt>B<gnome_entry> 

=over

=back

=head2 widget = $fentry-E<gt>B<gtk_entry> 

=over

=back

=head2 boolean = $fentry-E<gt>B<get_modal> 

=over

=back

=head2 $fentry-E<gt>B<set_modal> ($is_modal)

=over

=over

=item * $is_modal (boolean) 

=back

=back

=head2 $fentry-E<gt>B<set_title> ($browse_dialog_title)

=over

=over

=item * $browse_dialog_title (string) 

=back

=back


=head1 PROPERTIES

=over

=item 'browse-dialog-title' (string : readable / writable)

Title for the Browse file dialog.

=item 'default-path' (string : readable / writable)

Default path for the Browse file window.

=item 'directory-entry' (boolean : readable / writable)

Whether the file entry is being used to enter directory names or complete filenames.

=item 'filechooser-action' (Gtk2::FileChooserAction : readable / writable)

The type of operation that the file selector is performing.

=item 'filename' (string : readable / writable)

Filename that should be displayed in the file entry.

=item 'gnome-entry' (Gnome2::Entry : readable)

GnomeEntry that the file entry uses for entering filenames.  You can use this property to get the GnomeEntry if you need to modify or query any of its parameters.

=item 'gtk-entry' (Gtk2::Entry : readable)

GtkEntry that the file entry uses for entering filenames.  You can use this property to get the GtkEntry if you need to modify or query any of its parameters.

=item 'history-id' (string : readable / writable)

Unique identifier for the file entry.  This will be used to save the history list.

=item 'modal' (boolean : readable / writable)

Whether the Browse file window should be modal.

=item 'use-filechooser' (boolean : readable / writable)

Whether to use the new GtkFileChooser widget or the GtkFileSelection widget to select files.

=back


=head1 SIGNALS

=over

=item B<activate> (Gnome2::FileEntry)

=item B<browse-clicked> (Gnome2::FileEntry)

=back


=head1 ENUMS AND FLAGS

=head2 enum Gtk2::FileChooserAction

=over

=item * 'open' / 'GTK_FILE_CHOOSER_ACTION_OPEN'

=item * 'save' / 'GTK_FILE_CHOOSER_ACTION_SAVE'

=item * 'select-folder' / 'GTK_FILE_CHOOSER_ACTION_SELECT_FOLDER'

=item * 'create-folder' / 'GTK_FILE_CHOOSER_ACTION_CREATE_FOLDER'

=back



=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Gnome2>, L<Glib::Object>, L<Glib::InitiallyUnowned>, L<Gtk2::Object>, L<Gtk2::Widget>, L<Gtk2::Container>, L<Gtk2::Box>, L<Gtk2::VBox>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2003-2004 by the gtk2-perl team.

This software is licensed under the LGPL.  See L<Gnome2> for a full notice.


=cut

