=head1 NAME

Gnome2::IconTheme

=head1 HIERARCHY

  Glib::Object
  +----Gnome2::IconTheme


=head1 METHODS

=head2 icontheme = Gnome2::IconTheme-E<gt>B<new> 

=over

=back

=head2 boolean = $theme-E<gt>B<get_allow_svg> 

=over

=back

=head2 $theme-E<gt>B<set_allow_svg> ($allow_svg)

=over

=over

=item * $allow_svg (boolean) 

=back

=back

=head2 $theme-E<gt>B<append_search_path> ($path)

=over

=over

=item * $path (string) 

=back

=back

=head2 $theme-E<gt>B<set_custom_theme> ($theme_name)

=over

=over

=item * $theme_name (string) 

=back

=back

=head2 string = $theme-E<gt>B<get_example_icon_name> 

=over

=back

=head2 boolean = $theme-E<gt>B<has_icon> ($icon_name)

=over

=over

=item * $icon_name (string) 

=back

=back

=head2 list = $theme-E<gt>B<list_icons> ($context=undef)

=over

=over

=item * $context (string) 

=back


Returns a list of icons.


=back

=head2 list = $icon_theme-E<gt>B<lookup> ($thumbnail_factory, $file_uri, $custom_icon, $file_info, $mime_type, $flags)

=over

=over

=item * $thumbnail_factory (Gnome2::ThumbnailFactory or undef) 

=item * $file_uri (string) 

=item * $custom_icon (scalar) 

=item * $file_info (Gnome2::VFS::FileInfo) 

=item * $mime_type (string) 

=item * $flags (Gnome2::IconLookupFlags) 

=back


Returns the icon name and a GnomeIconLookupFlags.


=back

=head2 list = $theme-E<gt>B<lookup_icon> ($icon_name, $size)

=over

=over

=item * $icon_name (string) 

=item * $size (integer) 

=back


Returns the filename, the icon data and the base size.


=back

=head2 list = $icon_theme-E<gt>B<lookup_sync> ($thumbnail_factory, $file_uri, $custom_icon, $flags)

=over

=over

=item * $thumbnail_factory (Gnome2::ThumbnailFactory or undef) 

=item * $file_uri (string) 

=item * $custom_icon (scalar) 

=item * $flags (Gnome2::IconLookupFlags) 

=back


Returns the icon name and a GnomeIconLookupFlags.


=back

=head2 $theme-E<gt>B<prepend_search_path> ($path)

=over

=over

=item * $path (string) 

=back

=back

=head2 boolean = $theme-E<gt>B<rescan_if_needed> 

=over

=back

=head2 list = $theme-E<gt>B<get_search_path> 

=over


Returns a list of paths.


=back

=head2 $theme-E<gt>B<set_search_path> (...)

=over

=over

=item * ... (list) of paths

=back




=back


=head1 SIGNALS

=over

=item B<changed> (Gnome2::IconTheme)

=back


=head1 ENUMS AND FLAGS

=head2 flags Gnome2::IconLookupFlags

=over

=item * 'none' / 'GNOME_ICON_LOOKUP_FLAGS_NONE'

=item * 'embedding-text' / 'GNOME_ICON_LOOKUP_FLAGS_EMBEDDING_TEXT'

=item * 'show-small-images-as-themselves' / 'GNOME_ICON_LOOKUP_FLAGS_SHOW_SMALL_IMAGES_AS_THEMSELVES'

=item * 'allow-svg-as-themselves' / 'GNOME_ICON_LOOKUP_FLAGS_ALLOW_SVG_AS_THEMSELVES'

=back



=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Gnome2>, L<Glib::Object>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2003-2004 by the gtk2-perl team.

This software is licensed under the LGPL.  See L<Gnome2> for a full notice.


=cut

